﻿﻿﻿# ownCloud 10.3 Quick Start GuideownCloud is open source software for cloud-based collaboration and file synchronization. ownCloud provides a safe, secure, and compliant file synchronization and sharing solution on servers that _you_ control.ownCloud provides the following benefits to any size organization, from a small collaboration team to a large-scale enterprise: - **Security**ownCloud is hosted exclusively on your own private server/cloud so your data is under your control. Additionally, ownCloud provides powerful security features, such as encryption, brute force attack protection, OAuth2 support, and others, to ensure that you have complete control of your data.- **File Synchronization**Store your files in one central location, and access them securely from any device, any time you need them. You can designate one or more local folders that ownCloud automatically synchronizes between devices, or use the web interface to share and edit individual files from any device.- **Collaboration**ownCloud makes it safe and easy to share files with collaborators. You can send password protected links for file sharing, and get notifications on your phone when someone shares something with you.ownCloud’s powerful permission tools allow you to control exactly who can view and edit your files.- **Extensibility**You can extend the functionality of your ownCloud deployment with numerous community driven apps. The apps, which are available in the ownCloud Marketplace, ensure that ownCloud addresses all of your specific business needs.See [Supported Apps](https://doc.owncloud.com/server/admin_manual/installation/apps_supported.html) for a complete list.ownCloud includes the ownCloud server, the Desktop Synchronization Client for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X and Linux, and Android and Apple iOS mobile apps.# Getting StartedThe steps to start using ownCloud depend on your role:- Administrators install and configure the ownCloud server.- Users install the Desktop Synchronization Client, and the mobile apps.## AdministratorsAs an administrator, you install and maintain the ownCloud Server. You also manage users, groups, and server settings.You can deploy the ownCloud server using the method that best suits your environment and requirements. The following deployment methods are supported:- **Deploy the ownCloud server appliance in your virtual environment.**The ownCloud Server appliance is the quickest and easiest way to deploy ownCloud. The appliance includes everything you need to deploy and start using ownCloud right away.**Note**: This guide describes how to deploy the ownCloud server appliance in an existing virtual environment. See [Quick Start Tasks for Administrators](Administrators.md).- **Deploy the ownCloud Docker image**.See the [Docker installation](https://doc.owncloud.com/server/10.3/admin_manual/installation/docker/) instructions in the ownCloud documentation.- **Install the ownCloud Server on Linux**.See the [Linux installation](https://doc.owncloud.com/server/10.3/admin_manual/installation/manual_installation.html) instructions in the ownCloud documentation. ## UsersAs a user, you can share files and folders on your computer, and synchronize them with your ownCloud server and other devices using the ownCloud Desktop Sync Client, Android app, or iOS app.Users complete one or more of the following steps to get started with ownCloud: - Install the Desktop Synchronization Client- Install the Android App- Install the iOS App### Next Steps:- [Quick Start Tasks for Administrators](administrators.md)- Quick Start Tasks for Users 