﻿﻿# Quick Start Tasks for UsersAs a user, you connect to the ownCloud Server to share and synchronize files. You can connect to the ownCloud Server by installing these clients:  - Desktop Synchronization Client- Android App- iOS AppAfter installation, see Next Steps. ### Install the Synchronization Client on Your DesktopThe ownCloud Desktop Synchronization Client enables you to connect folders on your desktop to your corporate ownCloud Server. You can create folders, organize your local ownCloud directory, and keep the contents of your local directory synced with your ownCloud server. Anything shared with you also appears in your home directory on your desktop. **Supported Operating Systems**You can install the Synchronization Client on the following operating systems:- Windows 7+- Mac OS X 10.7+ (64-bit only)- CentOS 6 & 7 (64-bit only)- Debian 8.0 & 9.0- Fedora 25 & 26 & 27- Ubuntu 16.04 & 17.04 & 17.10**Note**: Additional steps are required for Linux installations. See the [Download](https://owncloud.org/download/) page for detailed instructions.**Follow these steps** (for Windows and macOS): 1. Collect the ownCloud server and port, and your username and password from your ownCloud administrator.1. [Download](https://owncloud.org/download/) the ownCloud Desktop Synchronization Client.1. Click the ownCloud icon to launch the installation wizard.1. Complete the installation prompts, then click **Connect**.#### Verify the InstallationAfter installation, the ownCloud icon appears in the icon in the system tray (Windows), menu bar (macOS), or notification area (Linux).Click the icon to open the desktop client. Verify the information in the **Account Settings** window. ### Install the Android AppThe ownCloud Android App enables you to browse all of the files that you sync on ownCloud. You can also create and edit new files, and share those files with coworkers. **Follow these steps:** 1. Collect the ownCloud server and port, and your username and password from your ownCloud administrator.1. Download the ownCloud mobile app from the Google Play store (Android).1. Complete the installation prompts. 1. Verify the installation by opening the Android app and reviewing your app settings. ### Install the iOS AppThe ownCloud iOS App enables you to browse all of the files that you sync on ownCloud. You can also create and edit new files, and share those files with coworkers. **Follow these steps:** 1. Collect the ownCloud server and port, and your username and password from your ownCloud administrator.1. Download the ownCloud mobile app from iTunes.1. Complete the installation prompts. 1. Verify the installation by opening the iOS app and reviewing your app settings. ### Next StepsTo learn more about the desktop client, see the [ownCloud Desktop Client Manual](https://doc.owncloud.org/desktop/2.5/#). To view other Quick Start topics in this guide, use one of the following links: - [ownCloud 10.3 Quick Start Guide main page](https://steph911.github.io)- [Quick Start Tasks for Administrators](administrators.md)